### Added

- comments_async/comment_form: add a span with class
  a4-comments_char-count-word which can be used to hide the trailing wording for the character count. The word will still be read by screenreaders.
- comments_async/comment_form: the cancel button is now wrapped in a div with class a4-comments__comment-form__actions__left.
- comments_async/comment_form: the action button is now wrapped in a div with class a4-comments__comment-form__actions__right.
- **Breaking Change** Added a heading to the comment_form when commenting is
  allowed. The heading can be controlled with the a4-comments__comment-form__heading-commenting-allowed" css class and by passing the showHeading props to the comment_form component.

### Changed

- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_box: rename class visually-hidden to
  a4-sr-only as we want to move away from using bootstrap classes directly.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: the default height of the
  textarea has been increased from 46 to 75. We might have to add a way to set
  the initial height dynamically in the future.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: remove btn class from
  actionButton as we want to move away from using bootstrap classes directly.
  You can extend a4-comments__submit-input instead.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: remove btn and me-2 classes from
  submitButton as we want to move away from using bootstrap classes directly.
  You can extend a4-comments__cancel-edit instead.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: rename general-form to
  a4-comments__comment-form__form to be more in line with BEM naming.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: wrap form elements in a form-group class according to
  mb styleguide. This might add an unwanted margin-bottom if used with
  Bootstrap.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: removed the placeholder from
  textarea.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: replace col with
  a4-comments__comment-form__actions on the div wrapping the cancel and action button. You
  can use @extend .d-flex, @extend .col-12 and @extend .col-sm-6 to retain
  bootstrap behavior.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: replace row with
  a4-comments__comment-form__terms-and-buttons on the div wrapping the terms of
  use checkbox and the form actions. You can use @extend .row to retain bootstrap behavior.
- **Breaking Change** comments_async/comment_form: replace col with
  a4-comments__comment-form_terms-of-use on the the div wrapping the terms of
  use checkbox. You can use @extend .col-12 and @extend .col-sm-6 to retain
  bmotstrap behavior.
